feature/VONK-7654: Tools license tokens documentation in available plugins (#585)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: setting_up_firely_server/configuration/plugins/available_plugins.rst

:Order: 1140
:Description: Implements publishingn changes to a queue for the MongoDB repository. See :ref:`PubSub`.

.. _vonk_tools_fsi:
Bulk Data Import
----------------

.. _vonk_tools_fsi_bulk_data_import:

:Name: Bulk Data Import
:License token: http://fire.ly/vonk/plugins/bulk-data-import

> :Description: Token unrestricted in the amount of resources that can be loaded in total, restricts the amount of resources that can be loaded in one go to 1000, and does not support Recovery Journal feature. See :ref:`Firely Server Ingest <tool_fsi>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:Description: Token unrestricted in the amount of resources that can be loaded in total, restricts the amount of resources that can be loaded in one batch to 1000, and does not support Recovery Journal feature. See :ref:`Firely Server Ingest <tool_fsi>`.
```

.. _vonk_tools_fsi_bulk_data_import_unlimited:

:Name: Bulk Data Import - Unlimited
:License token: http://fire.ly/vonk/plugins/bulk-data-import/unlimited

> :Description: Token unrestricted in the amount of resources that can be loaded in total as well as in one go, supports the Recovery Journal feature. See :ref:`Firely Server Ingest <tool_fsi>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:Description: Token unrestricted in the amount of resources that can be loaded in total as well as in a single batch, supports the Recovery Journal feature. See :ref:`Firely Server Ingest <tool_fsi>`.
```
